.TH shpp 1 13.09.2012 GNU

.SH Name
shpp \- shell script preprocessor

.SH SYNOPSIS
shpp [options] 
.I File
passed variables

.SH Discription

shpp is a preprocessor for shell script written for POSIX shells (/bin/sh), but may used for other files too.
It used as #\\\\ as indicator for preprocessor commands. Currently it supports
.I define
<var> <content> (adding content nyi),
.I ifdef 
<var>,
.I endif
, 
.I include 
<file>.
.I rem 
<comment>,
.I break
.
.SS define
Defines a variable and adds content to it

.SS ifdef 
Tests if var is defined if not all content till endif will be removed.
(else currently not supported).

.SS endif
Says shpp to stop after
.I ifdef
was found before, if no ifdef was found before shpp will send an error.
.SS include
Includes 
.I File
but preprocess it if 
.I noparse 
was not found before.

.SS rem
Inits a comment line that will be only the seen before that preprocessor was runned.
.SS break
Tells shpp to stop parsing the file.

.SH Options
.TP 
.B\-\-help, \-H 
print this help
.TP 
.BR \-\-version
print version
.TP
.BR \-o\ \-\-output  \ <file>
Place output in file \fIfile\fR.
.TP
.BR \-O\ \-\-option	\ <option>
Give shpp option.
.TP
.BR \-\-Ow\ \-\-global\-option	\ <option>
Same but instead give options only to master give them to slaves too.
.TP
.BR \-\-pass\-all\-to\-slaves
Give all options given by -O or normal to the master to the slaves too
.TP
.BR \-\-stdout
All output goes to stdout.
.TP
.BR \-\-critical\-warning
Warnings are threated as errors.
.TP
.BR\-\-tmp=<dir>           
Set temp directory.
.TP
.BR \-\-keep 
Don't delete tmp files after running.
.BR \-\-stderr=file   
stderr goes to file
.TP
.BR \-\-defined\-flags
Give shpp flags to define that are not defined in file, seperated with \:.
.TP
.BR \-\-enabled\-flags
Give shpp flags to enable, same seperator \:.
.TP
.BR \-\-legacy
Enable legacy mode (sh_make 1.x) (nyi)
.TP

